So the idea is to make sure that when we click on portfolio, we're going to see the list or a list
containing projects, all of these is dummy data, of course.
But what we want to do here want to make sure that, of course, all these data is going to be fake,
but at least will have some sort of a complete application here.
OK, so let's go ahead and do that.
So for that, we are going to create yet another composable right.
Different piece of code user interface code here, I'm going to say at composable.
So anything that needs to show something to the user in this case, a user interface component, you
have to pass at composable.
OK, so once a fun for function, I'm going to call this content.
All right, there we go.
And for now, what I need to do, I want to make sure that I'm able to preview this one composable.
To do that, we say at least start typing in preview as such.
Very good.
So we're going to focus on here.
And so at this point, let's split this and you can see we have that preview, which is this one that
we just started.
Now it has nothing.
And just to make sure that I don't have too much going on, I'm going to go ahead and comment this out,
OK, so that we only have one preview, which is going to be this one here.
There's nothing yet.
OK, so what is that?
We want to happen?
So I'm going to use yet another composable that comes with compose called Box.
So we're going to create a box that will contain all of this information.
So again, when he just go ahead and say, Box and pass it modifier, I'm going to fill max height and
then with a dot fill max with such.
And then let's give it a padding dot because we still part of our modifier padding scheme about five
dpi, I say.
And then I forget to put all lambda in this case.
This is the scope, right?
What is going to be inside of our box there?
We have to have those curly braces.
OK.
So inside here, what are we going to do?
Well, we're going to put a surface high or no surface.
So this is the canvas per se.
But the great thing about surface is that obviously, like with anything we can pass and fired, we
can customize our UI even further.
OK.
So for a surface here, I'm going to pass it and modifier.
I see that padding going to give an all padding of about three that.
And then I'm going to say, put that in a new line.
Fill max width again.
It's going to be max height.
All right.
So there we have it.
So now inside of our surface, we can do all sorts of things.
This is where we can add other UI components, but what do we want to happen in this surface?
There's another thing we need to think about.
If you look here, we want to have this nice aborder that is showing there, right?
That's enclosing all of this content, all of this list, which we haven't looked at yet.
So we need to create that.
It's easy to create that.
That's the reason why we have the surface because surface allows us to do all sort of thing.
In fact, if you have all over, you can see a list of all of these properties, all of these parameters
within paths to further customize our surface, which is great.
So here after we've added Phil Max, Phil Max with, we can go ahead and say shape, for instance,
what shape do we want this to have what we want to have some sort of a rounded corner shape like that
in for the corner?
I'm going to pass a corner cornices and pass here a six that dpi remember the higher this number we
add here and the more curved this is going to be.
And next, what do we need to do?
We need to add a border because we want this to look like this good.
It's very easy to do so.
But remember, we still inside of the parameters here, like parentheses of our surface.
That's very important.
And let's say border state say border stroke and for border stroke, as you see we pass with and the
color and you can override with other parameters as well, but we can check the first one first.
So we're going to use the first override method.
So I'm going to say width in this case, say a one, just two dpi, so not too thick in four color.
I'm going to say is equal to color.
And when the light gray like that?
All right.
Let's go ahead and refresh real quick to see if we are going to be able to see something at least.
And there you have it.
So you can see we do have our border.
It's hard to see.
But once we have something inside and everything is set up, it's going to be much easier.
But believe me, it's there.
If you can see a little bit, let's make this a little bigger or I'm going to remove my avatar so you
can see.
So just look around, you should see that border.
In fact, if I change this to about 12 deep, you can see there it is really a large border.
That's not what we want.
So now what?
We want to be inside here, what we want to be inside here, it's going to be yet another composable,
which is we're going to call portfolio like this.
We haven't created this.
So this portfolio is going to take a few parameters which are going to be portfolios or I'm going to
say data, OK, there's going to be a list of and we're just going to pass here, say Project one,
just like that.
OK, let's go ahead.
I'm going to copy this, or I could just right click and say sure and go ahead and say, create composable.
Function portfolio go.
And voila, it's created, and that's fine.
All right, very good.
So now we have created another portfolio composable that is maybe a little bit strange at first.
So what are we doing here?
Well, we created this content composable, right, which is not being called anywhere yet, in fact.
So it's going to be around somewhere here.
But this is where our base card created.
This card is this is the main composable.
And so in our content compulsively here, we created a box inside of the box.
We created surface and we banded quote-unquote this surface, meaning we customize it to have rounded
corners and we added border and the light grey border color.
OK.
And then we passing it a portfolio in this portfolio.
This is in the portfolio.
Here is another composable.
So you see you can create as many composable as you want and kind of add stack them on top of each other,
if that makes any sense.
That's how we compose.
If you, if you will, our user interface declaratively.
All right.
So in this case, your portfolio is going to expect to receive a list of, in this case, are strings.
Now we have refactor it out.
So we have this composable that's been called inside here in this one.
Here, of course, is going to expect that list.
As we said here, it's going to be a list of strings, so we need to implement it.
That's where we have that to do that.
So for now, what I'm going to do for now, let's just say text, say portfolio projects, go here.
OK, so we're making good progress.
So next, we're going to work on our portfolio composable here, which is going to entail all of this.